( I O )

cular Notice should be taken of him, accordingly, it is, Ordered, That Six Pounds be laid out for him in such things as he may most want.

It was then recommended to the President, and he undertook to prepare a Draught of what might be proper to be said to the Indians at giving the Present from this Government, and to lay the same before the Board to morrow Morning, at Ten a Clock, to which time the Council adjourned.

At a Council held at Philadelphia, October 13th, 1736.

P R E S E N T,

The Honourable THOMAS PENN, Esq; Proprietary,

JAMES LOGAN, Esq; President.

Samuel Preston,          Ralph Asheton,
Clement Plumsted,        Samuel Hassell,
Thomas Lawrence,         Thomas Griffiths.      Esqrs;

The President laid before the Board a draught of a concluding Speech to the Indians, which being read and approved, they were sent for, who being come and seated, the said Speech was delivered to them by the Interpreter as follows.

O U R   B R E T H R E N,

" F O U R Years since at a great Treaty held here with your Chiefs, we confirmed all our former Treaties with you, we brightened the Chain, kindled our Fire to be kept always burning here for you, opened and cleared the Path between your Country and Ours, and made ourselves and you one Body and one People.

"The Chiefs of all your Nations, being met at your great Fire or Council in the Country of the Onondages, having heard of and considered that Treaty, were so well pleased with it, that it was agreed, as you have told us, that you, who are the principal of all your Chiefs, should come down and visit us, and more fully and absolutely confirm that Treaty, which you accordingly did a few Days since at our great House in Town, in the presence and hearing of some Thousands of our People, and it was done not only in Behalf of us ourselves and yourselves, but for our Children and Children's Children, to all Generations, as long as the Sun, Moon, and Earth, endure.

Thus this Treaty, by which we are to become as one People, and one Body, is in the strongest Terms confirmed, never to be changed, but to be kept in everlasting Remembrance.

But, besides what we have already concluded, we shall now for the further brightening the same Chain, and that no Spot or Blemish may be fixed on it, speak to some Particulars for your more full Satisfaction.