( 14 )

“ Articles, to be kept in perpetual Remembrance by them and us, and by our Children and their Children to all Generations.

“ That as to the Dearness of Goods carried amongst them, the Government here has no Concern in the Trade, it is entirely carried on by private People; those that go amongst the Indians purchase the Goods they carry with them at the easiest Rate, and we are told, that considering the Length of Way they carry them, they are sold so cheap, that these Traders can be but small Gainers; but the Prices of Goods are not under any Regulation, they get for them what they can.

“ That all the white People, tho’ they live together as Brethren, have each nevertheless, distinct Properties and Interests, and none of us can demand from another Victuals or any thing of the Kind without Payment. One Man raises Corn and sells it, another raises Horses and he sells them, and thus every Man lives by his own Labour and Industry, and no one has a Right to take away from another what he thus earns for himself; and all Victuals cost Money.

“ That proper Care will be taken, as has formerly been done, to supply them with Horses and Carriages to make their Journey home as easy as possible.

“ That we would be glad to do them any Service with the Neighbouring Governments, but we do not clearly understand this Matter: As to what is said of a Letter from the King of England, we do not believe there is any Truth in that Report; we have indeed heard of a Letter sent up to Sasquehannah from the Governor of Maryland; if he mentions any thing in it of Orders from the King of England, they should send some Persons to that Government to enquire into the Matter. As to the Claim they make on the Lands of Maryland and Virginia, we know not how this is supported; the Lands on Sasquehannah, we believe, belong to the Six Nations, by the Conquest of the Indians of that River; but how their Pretentions are made good to the Lands to the Southward, we know not; and we ought to be better informed before we can write on this Head.

“ That we cannot prevent our Traders from going where they may best dispose of their Goods; we shall take the most proper Measures in our Power to hinder their carrying Rum in such Quantities, and we hope the Indians will give strict Charge to the Warriours to be cautious and prudent, that all Kind of Mischief may be prevented.

The Indians appearing satisfied with what had been spoke to them, said they had nothing further to offer. The Present was then delivered to them, which they received with great Thankfulness, those of each Nation alternately by themselves, and then all of them together, joining in their usual solemn Sound, when they express their Satisfaction. Having afterwards drank a friendly Glass, and taking Leave of the Proprietor, President and Council, they departed; and thus the Treaty ended.

ROBERT CHARLES, Secr.