CAYOGES.
Saguchfaupun, Samareichy, Kanawatos, Teocuchifegeberochgoo.

(4)
ONEDAS.
Sarifagoa, Takafpwangarordor Shekallamy.

TUSKARORES.
Savmntaga, Tyeroi.

Of the CANYINGOES or MOHOCKS none came.

By the Interpreter's Advice, they were first spoke to in their own Way, with three small Strings of Wampum in Hand, one of which was delivered on each of the following Articles.

Our Friends and Brethren,
I. You are come a great way, and have doubtless suffered many Hardships in so long a Journey; but now you are with your Brethren and true Friends, who have long been in Friendship and Alliance with your Nations; you must therefore put away all Grief and Uneasiness, and brighten your Eyes, that we may see and be chearful with each other.

II. We desire that as we are now met as Brethren and Friends, you will open your Hearts, as we shall open our Hearts, that we may speak with Freedom and Openness to each other.

III. You are come to us as your true Friends, we receive you with Gladness, you shall shelter yourselves under our Covering, and be entertained by us as ourselves, for you are our Brethren.

The Indians hereupon expressed their Satisfaction with Sounds peculiar to themselves on such Occasions; and then their Speaker with three like Strings in his Hand, repeated all those three several Articles more at large, returning their Thanks for each, delivering a String as each Article was spoke to, and giving Assurances of their Freedom and Openness, and desiring that we would use the same; but on the 3rd they said, They could not receive and treat us as we did them, they are now with us, they give themselves up to us, and depend on our Protection.

Then with five more very short Strings in his Hand, the Speaker proceeded to say on the first, That they had received on the Road a Message from us delivered by Conrad Wyler, welcoming them into the Country. On the 2nd, That they had at the same time received from us an Account of our late Governor's Death, but that this would not occasion any Alteration, because W. PENN's own Son is here, and also James Logan, with the Council. On the 3rd They returned their Thanks, and with the other two confirm'd the whole.

They said, They were now come, after a full Consultation with all their Chiefs at their great Fire or Place of Counsel, to return an Answer to the Treaty, that some of them had held with us four Years since, at Philadelphia: That they intended to stay with their Friend James Logan two Nights to rest themselves, and then proceed to the Fire kept for them at Philadelphia; where after two Nights more, they would at that Fire give their full Answer.

They were told, We were willing to keep them here in the Country the longer, because many People in Philadelphia had been sickly, and now the Small Pox are there, a Disease that has often proved fatal to the Indians; that it would be a great