(5)

great Trouble to us to see any of them taken with that Distemper, after they had travelled so far to visit us; for we are very desirous they should all return safe, and as healthy as they came to us: That it is proper they should give their Answer at Philadelphia, in the same public Manner we had last treated with them; but it is advisable they should spend no more of their time in the Town, than will be absolutely necessary, for many Inconveniences may attend it.

They appeared concerned at this, thanked us, and said they would go together by themselves to advise on it.

September 29.

The Gentlemen of the Council having gone home last night to Philadelphia, and only the Proprietor staying, Mr Preston with some others came again to day; and the Indian Chiefs after they had consulted this Morning amongst themselves, meeting the Proprietor, &c. in Council, said,

That they were much obliged to us for the Care we took of them; we shewed by it our true Friendship for them. That as they are now with us, they put themselves wholly under our Direction, and the Philadelphia is the Place where their Fire is kept for them, yet it may upon Occasion be brought out hither; and they are free either to proceed to Philadelphia to treat at the Fire there, or to stay here, as we shall think fit to order it.

They were told, As the last Treaty with them was held in Public at Philadelphia, it would be necessary they should there give their Answer; That we were not wholly against their going to Town, but thought ourselves obliged to acquaint them with the Danger; yet that this is not at present so great that it should wholly prevent their going. The Distemper is as yet but young and just begun in the Place; that it is only in the Heart or near the Middle of the Town; that they will be accommodated at the Edge or Out-Skirts of the Town, where if they take Care, they may for a few Days be in but very little or no Danger.

They then resolved to set out for Philadelphia the next Day; and accordingly having been entertained at Swenton three Nights, they went to Town on the last of September; and having rested the first of October, on the second Day they met as follows.

At a Council held in the Great Meeting-House at Philadelphia, the 2d Day of October 1736.

P R E S E N T,

The Honourable THOMAS PENN, Esq; Proprietary,

JAMES LOGAN, Esq; President.

Samuel Preston, Ralph Asheton, Anthony Palmer, Thomas Griffiths, Clement Plumsted, Charles Read. \Esqrs; Thomas Lawrence, \

B Present